SKY-3483 update props syntax (#40)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/experiment/apis/management-api/api-beta.md

|<div class="med-big-column">Name</div>|Requirement|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|---|
|`type`| Required | string | **Must have value: `property`** |

> |`prop`| Required | string | The property to use in the condition. Custom and free-form properties must be prefixed with `gp:` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`prop`| Required | string | The property to use in the condition. Prefix custom and free-form properties with  `gp:` |
```
